3 ways to store the data using java.
1) variables (we can store only one value)
2) Arrays(They can store multiple objects but they are fixed in size)
3) Collection(Can store multiple objects and they are dynamic can gro and shrink the size at the runtime)
    we can not use primitives with collections. Collection can be used with objects only.
Wrapper Classes:
   Are classes from java guys that help us to use collections with our primitive types as they are
   objects they also have many built-in methods to manipulate the data types. for example, converting String to an Integer.
   String number ="10";
   int num=Integer.parseInt(number)
Iterator is n interface that lets use iterate through any collection. It has three methods
    1) hasNext() -- checks if there are any elements left in the collection
    2) next() -- will return me the next element from the collection
    3) remove() -- remove method it will remove the element from the collection.

All of the collection classes they have a method iterator() using this method i can get an object
of the iterator and then i can call the above three methods to iterate or to remove the elements.
Note:
    Iterators can be used only once. Once we have used the iterator we need a new once if we want to
    iterate the collection again.
ArrayList:
    It is consecutive memory locations.

Set:
    Set is data structure that stores unique objects unordered collection
    of objects in which duplicate values cannot be stored.
Properties:
    1. Can't store duplicate elements

                      Methods in HasSet
●   boolean add(Element  e): It adds the element e to the list.
●   void clear(): It removes all the elements from the list.
●   boolean contains(Object o): It checks whether the specified Object o is
      present in the list or not. If the object has been found it returns true else false.
●   boolean isEmpty(): Returns true if there is no element present in the Set.
●   Iterator iterator(): Used to return an iterator over the element in the set.
●   int size(): It gives the number of elements of a Set.
●   Boolean remove (Object o): It removes the specified Object from the Set.
●   Object clone(): This method returns a shallow copy of the HashSet.


